we take it for granted that our favorite
games look darn good but where do those
i popping visuals come from exploit a
queue inside the world of the concept
artist hi my name is Adam Adama whit's
and I'm the concept artist at Bethesda
Softworks
concept artist is I think part elevator
apart storyteller and when you're
producing artwork for a game for me the
most important part is to come up with a
personality for either the character or
it might be a vehicle or it might be a
monster and how that fits into the
overall scheme of the game that we're
working on for a game like Fallout 3
everything begins with the concept
artist the favorite part is just
starting out on any given concept is
like I mean it's kind of like Christmas
morning beginning of the process I think
is mostly need going into a stream of
consciousness be coming up with whatever
comes to mind and drawing it and then
eventually the rest of the team the art
director the producers the writers will
say no it's completely not a we need to
change this helmet you need to change
that you're completely off track or
sometimes I'll have something in there
that's kind of interesting and they'll
say well alright you know this it's
heading in the right direction what does
it take to dream up a whole world but it
was a whole world fantasy and sci-fi
that might devour do me and all the
science fiction greats from grade school
and up and never really stopped but it's
something I've always wanted to do in
there
age and rephrase into comics and doing
some cover illustrations a good concept
artist has been imagining and drawing
all his life they said you know we can
teach a programmer
how to make a game but we can't teach a
program on how to be an artist and you
have that skill and so if you promise
not to leave us for the world of comics
we'll teach how to use Photoshop and the
Unreal Engine back in its infancy when I
first started out the gaming world often
recruit illustrators and comic book
artists is probably in my dream as a six
year old kid come true your six-year-old
he's still coming to work everyday this
and I can't believe you pulled this off
don't mess it up
daydreaming and drawing all day we think
that's about the coolest job ever